AD&D Famous Last Words: "Am I seeing things or is that a dragon?"
Actors do it on camera.
Backing up is an acquired taste; after a crash.
Bill Clinton doesn't know my pain...he *IS* my pain.
Bother! said Pooh, as he looked into the face of the Myrddraal.
Blood calls out for blood - Londo
Big talk always compensates for liberal accomplishments.
BC1: Seeing isn't everything
COPY TEXT BELOW INTO A WORD PROGRAM (NOTEPAD, WORDPAD,
Christ paid a debt he didn't owe to satisfy a debt we couldn't pay
Clod Merlot - The Googooplex Names of Tom Servo!
DEFINITION: Chaining - A method of attaching programmers
Don't try this at home, we're PROFESSIONAL idiots!
Don't you step on my blue suede aardvarks!
Embrace the Penguin, Kill the Borg! Microsoft *IS* the Virus!
Ewwww...you've been eating garlic! - Dot Warner
Experience: Knowing a lot of things you shouldn't do again.
EMBARRASSMENT: Spitting out the car window when it isn't open.
Easy: a woman who has the sexual morals of a man.
For the Love of God, let the boy give your grandmother a bath!
Fluffing the blankets after farting is not necessary!
Gilligan of Borg. Escape from the island is futile
Game show hosts DO IT for what's in the box
Guns don't kill people..Mail readers kill people ___ Blue Wave/QWK v2.12
Gal with no arms and legs on a music stand? Carol
Give him a fire, he'll be warm for a day. Set him on fire, he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
Got a girlfriend; got a computer. Guess which one goes down?
Holly: The phrase `cargo bay doors' does not appear to be in my lexicon
Happy happy happy ... peel peel peel. - Stimpy
How are you getting on with your Stylophone?
Horse sense is the thing a horse has that keeps it from b
Hobbes: Until you stalk and overcome, you can't devour anyone
He's so conceited he walks down Lover's Lane holding his own hand
It is not enough to have a good mind. The main thing is to use it well. -- Rene Descartes
It is impossible to travel faster than light, and certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off
Internal editor allows message editing on-the-fly.
JABBA ? RTFM [alternate]: "The Joy of Sex."
Jesus would've been a Democrat. The money lenders, GOP
Just climb in, and hang on. Open your eyes, if you dare.
Just follow the trail of heads - Crow
JOHN WAYNE IS BIG LEGGY
Just another one adding their 2 senses
kinda like a cloud i was up, way up in the sky.
Keep your dreams alive - Darkwood
LoonFests: where the beer is cold and the women are hot
Look! She put her breasts on! - Tom on Tia Carrera
Love of money is the root of all politics.
Ljubicu te isto ko nekada, jednog dana ni sam ne znam kada.
Life is a dilemma wrapped in an oxymoron.
Mommas don't let your babies grow up to be message
Mathematical Model: 46-26-38
Man is an animal that thinks; chicken is an animal that flies.
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms -- Groucho Marx
My Dad's a Mortician - by Phil Degraves
Microsoft: Making it all. Make sense?
Nigel Mansell, Indy Champ
New Computer---- to be superseded as soon as it's installed
Orville Bullitt doesn't need therapy - he needs a lobotomy.
Ooooooops... - Captain of the Titanic
@N@'s a self-made man, and worships his creator
* <- Tribble @U*++------o <- Top Fuel Class Tribble
-> guy happy about about collecting disability pension
Perfumery, something else and leather goods, going up
Punny Book: Cry Wolf - Al Armist
Parkinson's First Law: Work expands to fill the time avai
Phobia: What's left after 20 beers in a 24 pack.
Philip R. Sharp, Congressman, (Ind.), was an Eagle Scout.
Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future. -- Niels Bohr
Quod erat demonstrandum. [Thus it is proven. For those who wondered WTF QED means.]
Q: Why'd the convict want a computer?
Quindam: a mother of five babies.
Quick Gary, what color is an Orange?
"Some of us live in perpetual 20-20 chaos." -Opus, Bloom County
"Very unfortunate. We will be dead." -- Worf
"You are not ready for immortality." -- Kosh, Babylon 5
"I send my soul through time and space To greet you." Flecker
"Bother!" said Pooh in an attempt to compose a scintillating tagline.
Rush Limbaugh: So narrow minded he can look in a keyhole w/both eyes.
Seen it. Done that. Got the souvenir hat with my name on it
The UART's will'na take this speed cap'n
That wasn't a bowl of oatmeal! That was Odo!
That which we resist the most is what we become
They were probably stolen while we were unconscious. --Sisko
URA redneck if "SAY NO TO CRACK" reminds you to pull your pants up
Ura Redneck Trekker if u think the Borg are new-fangled punk rockers.
Very few profundities can be expressed in 57 characters.
Water... facinating... never touch the stuff myself... -- Londo
We all make mistakes. Few 'fess up' as quickly as I did.
Worker who fell in upholstery machine, now fully recovered!
What!? I'm missing Babylon5?`v=y%%(v@!~~%!# NO CARRIER
X T u s e r s d o i t s l o w l y
Xpress Yourself!
You knooowww... uhhh... they're F-A-K-E! (Elaine)
You're about as useful as a parachute on a submarine
You have many friends and very few enemies
Zephram Cochrane died 150 years ago! - McCoy
ZAR: Zero Any Register
Zoroastrianism - **** happens half the time.
Zmodem Pizza DownLoad: Slices DownLoaded: 02 Slices Remaining: 04
ZIPPEDTAGLINE 